Disclaimer

This disclaimer ("Disclaimer") sets forth the general guidelines, disclosures, and terms of your use of the IRIS Smart Factory Starter Pack and any of its related products and services (collectively, "Services"). This Disclaimer is a legally binding agreement between you ("User", "you" or "your") and this Website operator ("Operator", "we", "us" or "our"). By accessing and using the Website and Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this Disclaimer. If you are entering into this Disclaimer on behalf of a business or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to this Disclaimer, in which case the terms "User", "you" or "your" shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with the terms of this Disclaimer, you must not accept this Disclaimer and may not access and use the Website and Services. You acknowledge that this Disclaimer is a contract between you and the Operator, even though it is electronic and is not physically signed by you, and it governs your use of the Website and Services.


Content and postings

You may print a copy of any part of the IRIS Smart Factory Starter Pack for your personal or non-commercial use.

Indemnification and warranties

The accuracy, reliability and completeness of the information and content on, distributed through or linked, downloaded or accessed from the Website and Services is not guaranteed by the Operator. Furthermore, information contained on the Website and any pages linked to and from it are subject to change at any time and without warning.

Changes and amendments

We reserve the right to modify this Disclaimer or its terms relating to the Website and Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Disclaimer on the Website. When we do, we will send you an email to notify you. Continued use of the Website and Services after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.

Acceptance of this disclaimer

You acknowledge that you have read this Disclaimer and agree to all its terms and conditions. By accessing and using the Website and Services you agree to be bound by this Disclaimer. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Disclaimer, you are not authorized to access or use the Website and Services.

Contacting us

If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Disclaimer or wish to contact us concerning any matter relating to it, you may send an email to contact@123.go

This document was last updated on November 16, 2020
